Allow token verification with user info when no introspection endpoint is available (#29715)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-openid-connect-providers.adoc

quarkus.oidc.credentials.secret=<Secret>
----

TIP: You can also use GitHub provider with `quarkus.oidc.application-type=service`, just set `quarkus.oidc.verify-access-token-with-user-info` configuration property to `true`.

> 

Reviewer: Interesting the new rules picked up `In order to` in the follow up section, but I think we should handle it in another PR as I guess most of the docs can be optimized

> TIP: You can also use GitHub provider with `quarkus.oidc.application-type=service`, just set configuration property `quarkus.oidc.allow-bearer-token-verification-with-user-info` to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: You can also use GitHub provider with `quarkus.oidc.application-type=service`, just set `quarkus.oidc.verify-access-token-with-user-info` configuration property to `true`.
```
